# Casey-Monroe-Final-Project
Youtube video link: https://youtu.be/hzBZIFnWQKk
This was a very difficult project for me to make, and I made a lot of mistakes and had a lot of setbacks.  I wasn't able to add many of the features that I wanted my program to have, and feel that my code could be efficient.  I wanted different regions of the United States to be marked red as the questions were asked, so the viewer saw different regions being ruled out in real time.  Unfortunately, having this feature made my program sloppy and inaccurate.  I had to change the program so all the regions that were ruled out were only colored red at the very end.  I feel that this change made my program a lot less fun to look at and do, but increased the accuracy of the regional guesses.  
  I had a lot of trouble with figuring out how to color the map in as the program went on.  I originally thought I could use turtle to draw out the portions of the map and fill them in, but this proved to be very hard.  I spent hours trying to use turtle commands to separate the different regions of the United States before giving up, as I had not made any significant progress with turtle and felt that I would not be able to finish carving up the map in a remotely realistic timespan.  I looked online for tools on how to fix this problem, and ended up using MS paint to crop and color different portions of the map.  Using MS paint took less time and looked better than using manual turtle commands to shade the different regions of the United States.  
  I think that with more coding knowledge and experience, I could definitely have made this project work smoother.  I enjoyed working on it, and feel that I learned a lot by doing this project.  I have never done a coding project like this before, and I feel that I very much overestimated how much I would be able to do with this project while planning it.  I feel that I had the most trouble with smaller aspects of this program, and I could have delegated my time better.  In the future, I will try to be more modest with my plans, and spend more time planning out how I will write my program before beginning to write.  
  I enjoyed working on this project very much, and am planning to show it to my friends and family.  There were many challenges I faced while working on this project, and I'm excited to learn more python over the summer and next semester.
